Hello, what and all, welcome to Meltdown Comics and the world-famous Dirtmelt Theater, Harmontown,
is once again in session.
Oh, yeah. Once you welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, I'm Harmontown! Yo!
Thank you, Jeff Davis, our Comptroller. Let's have a hand for his Comptroller.
What a fantastic person. And what a good group of people you are.
And what a great country this is. God looking down on it, smiling and hoping it keeps moving forward.
I don't have anything to talk about tonight. I thought maybe I could stretch that into something.
Jingoism would be like taffy. I could stretch it to a finish line, but I don't have that much.
You got anything, Jeff? You got any burrs in your boots?
I almost didn't make the show. I took a nap on my couch because we had brunch today that went straight to the drawing room.
We just drank all day long, and I took a nap and just woke up and it was like 7.15, and I was like, geez, Louise.
I had to take a little nap today too, because we did brunch. This is my life. We did brunch and then I...
We really did it too.
And then during brunch, you know, it's like, let's go get a drink.
God, I'm so dehydrated right now. My eyes are red, I'm puffy.
But I got a dog now, which I think is probably saving my life, because I got to go home every couple hours just to make sure the dog kind of...
But sometimes the dog is laying there and it's crate, and then I'll come home and go like, come on, I need to run you around the yard,
and the dog will be like, what's happening? And I'll wake it up specifically and then trot it around the yard, and it'll just start getting energized,
and then I'll put it back in the crate.
There was a moment today.
It feels bad.
Because we went and had brunch, and Dan had pancakes, and even shouted out the word pancakes after having eaten them.
Yeah, because it was like a Schrab.el, like, medic pancakes!
And then we had a bunch of beers and funnets at Little Dom's, and then we went down to the drawing room, and I overheard Dan saying,
like, I could get an Uber car, which is like, you know, like a kind of a car service.
And he was talking about getting an Uber car from the drawing room to his house, which is seven blocks, seven blocks, just so you could go walk your dog.
And such is our level of trust and friendship that I let you drive my car drunk. I gave you my car.
When you say drive my car drunk, it puts a really fine point on it.
I start picturing that in the TMZs and the Aussiellos and the whatever.
Okay, we'll edit that out then.
I drove Jeff's car drunk. I drove it up a tree, and there was a gypsy in it, and I ran her over, and I take that NBC.
But I napped during Prometheus. I pressed play on Prometheus, which I had already seen in the theater, and I just fell asleep listening to it,
and I just had these, like, shitty prequel dreams.
Like, just dreams about people walking around going, one day there's going to be a dream here.
But I got nothing. Let's do a little experiment, because I got nothing. Let's follow the I Got Nothing thread.
And let's bring up our friends. Let's bring up Kumail Nanjiani.
It's a nice summer evening. It is a nice summer evening. And I got nothing.
Maybe sit on the porch with me, won't you, Kumail? And have a nice tall glass of Country Time Livin'.
Just rack back and forth in your chair, and look out in the starlit field, and worry about minorities moving in.
I'm sorry, you don't know this. That's what you do on a porch. You're not familiar with this tradition.
They're racist? The porches are racist?
You can't have a porch and not be racist.
I feel like I felt that vibe when I walk onto a porch. I just kind of want to be like, you know...
That's what porches are for. They're racial outposts.
Yeah. I'm like, ah, some of these people could work harder.
Just sort of sit out there and watch the people walk by and give them a subtle look.
Don't buy a place around here.
I can see you with one of those kind of plantation, big colonial columns out front, like a seersucker suit and a straw hat,
drinking some lemonade and just being racist.
Thanks, Jeff. Why is it so much fun to be racist?
It simplifies life. The same reason it's fun to be into astrology. There's 12 kinds of people.
Oh, yeah. I think there's 13 now. Didn't they find a new planet or something?
Yeah. And then they found out that everything we knew was wrong. So, tourists are actually leos.
And then we kind of read them. We were like, ah, let's ignore this. This is weird.
Yeah. All these people are like, you told me if I was a Capricorn, I should expect to find romance in the workplace.
Yeah. That wasn't right. I married a guy in the copy room.
Not a guy from the copy room. I married him in the copy room. I printed out the invitations in that room.
But there is liberation too. I mean, primates have these dopamine things in their head. We look for patterns.
It's way simpler. That's why I would...
Okay, this is going to get weird.
But I think at one point I was very, very religious. And it was actually kind of easier.
Just to be like, oh, something... Order. Order.
Yeah. All of this makes sense rather than, oh, this person got hit by a car for no reason.
Even before monotheism, even before we started to really order things, the people that we call pagans,
the people that we call prehistoric, they still had order. Otherwise, we wouldn't even know they existed.
Because unlike the chimps and whatever that came before them, they were asked by God to think about shit
with their little tiny monkey brains. And they're like, this is a lot of shit to figure out.
The fact that this guy is dead and that guy is alive.
First of all, the sun makes... I'm supposed to eat this deer, but also the deer was alive.
Yeah. Plus the fucking sun makes no sense at all.
No, it picks and chooses when to come up and go down.
Sometimes it's there, sometimes it's not.
Yeah. And when it's not, it gets cold, but sometimes it's hot.
And then just when you think you got it figured out, you get hit by a lightning.
Yeah. I feel like almost nothing makes sense. And then you're like, oh no, it does make sense.
And then someone goes, no, no. Black people.
Right? That's something we can all get behind.
They're bad people. And then as a caveman, you go like, ah, got it. I know one thing.
I figured it out. I mean, it's anything, anything.
Oh, see that log over there? When you knock on it three times, it gives you a wish.
Like, try it. I wish for a sandwich. Okay, there's no sandwich. You know why?
Because you didn't knock hard enough. You didn't have faith.
We occupy our brains with these systems. That's a, you know, you go to Las Vegas
and you see these fields of what? Awesome crap tables? No.
Because craps are actually, they're closer to chaos than order.
Craps are the best bet in the house. If you know how to play craps, that's actually the, you know,
the best way to actually make money if you walk into Vegas with money.
Not that there's any good way to make money, the house always wins.
But the worst way is slot machines. There's a fixed percentage you're going to lose,
but it's the most appealing because you go up and you pull the lever
and the Adams family guy says like, ooh, you win a jackpot.
Triple diamond. And then you go, ah, triple diamond.
And the thing spits out and your girlfriend comes up and she goes,
hey, we're going to the hard rock with the thing. I almost got this figured out though.
I, you know, I push the two buttons and then the triple diamond comes up
and I've lost so many times in a row. I know that I'm going to win now.
Did I tell you?
And that is like racism.
It is though. It is. It's a human, human, human slot machine.
Did I mention this on the show before? I have a friend that used to work as a slots person.
Like in Vegas she ran like the VIP slots and like she would take care of like high roller guests and stuff.
And we were going through the MGM and she saw a woman sitting at one of the more popular slot machines.
The MGM Lions. It's been there forever. It's like it makes all the money there.
It's one machine?
It's a bank of machines. It's a row of this certain like brand of slot machine.
And there's a woman sitting at one of them and it was a progressive one.
Like it was like a little tally of like money that comes up.
And she looked at the numbers and she goes, oh, God, I want to go tell that woman to move one to the left.
She goes, that one's going to pay off soon.
I'm like, wait, what?
She knows which one.
Because it's numbers and probability and stuff?
She's like, she's sitting at one that's not going to pay off today.
The one next to her will.
That's crazy that just with numbers and probability you can predict it.
Oh, and also they can tune them up.
Oh, they're cheating.
Okay.
And they don't give the old lady any money today.
Also they put ones that pay off a little bit more often in walkways because they want those bells to ring more because it attracts more people in.
That's so smart.
Yeah, it's really...
You get sucked in like the intestines of an animal.
And also in Las Vegas there's a thing where they don't allow you, if you walk through a casino, if you walk through the floor of any casino in Las Vegas,
you are not allowed to take more than a certain amount of steps in a row without running into a place to put money in something.
You cannot walk in a straight line for more than like 10 paces anywhere.
You have to...
Well, you have to like walk around and maybe...
You constantly have to go, you have to be stopped by a thing that you could put money in.
Sex in the city.
Adams family.
Transformers.
What is that?
I want to know how they base that shit.
People love the Transformers slot machine.
They're going for everything.
Like sometimes you see like a 75 year old guy just cranking that Transformers machine.
Transform and rule out.
Bing, bing, bing.
Just look at the guy like, you're not into Transformers.
He doesn't know about Megatron and Galvatron.
But then again, knowing that's not going to win you anywhere money.
No.
It's just kind of funny.
I've never been to Vegas.
Is it awesome?
What?
I've never been.
Oh.
This episode, we're going to Vegas.
We're floating through space on a green screen effect.
Oh, here come those neon signs.
Vegas.
Time to land.
Is this a Vegas?
Yeah.
We're landing on the strip.
Look around you.
There's Circus Circus.
There's Crème Brûlée.
You guys ever fly to Las Vegas from like Burbank on a Friday morning?
Very sad.
What's known as the stripper express because it's you and 40 strippers.
They're all fresh faced and they got their juicy suits on and they're looking good and
ready to go.
And then you fly back on a Sunday afternoon and it's just like the Cherokee trail of tears,
man.
And it's just a bunch of people.
But they should be happy.
They're like, oh no, no.
They've been through hell.
But they just worked.
They're rich.
They're the richest creatures.
But man, they're just faded.
Faded.
That's hard work.
Yeah.
It's hard work.
You have to give up parts of yourself.
No, no.
I don't doubt that at all.
I was just confused.
Like I thought he meant like they didn't hit the mother load or something.
I'd never been to.
I went to a strip club for the first time earlier this year.
And yeah, I was with Emily.
And I'd never been.
We were in Portland.
You went with your wife?
Yeah.
It was a bunch of us.
It was a music festival.
I wanted the names of the people I was with because so we went in and I sat down and they
had food.
They had a full.
Oh, yeah.
The fucking, the strip club buffet is one of the oddest fucking.
It's all over the place.
It's Chinese, but also there's like Italian stuff.
Can I get some more pubes in my coles laplies?
I think it's weird to put that much mayonnaise near that much mayonnaise.
Yeah.
Genitalia.
I just, yeah, I do.
Because I was working, having worked in food service where there are no women like with
their crotches above the food.
You're still warned a lot about how, you know, how, you know, the air around us is filled
with all kinds of beasties just looking for a, for a perch.
Looking for purchase.
Yeah.
And, and, and there's a, there's a zone, you know, you got to keep icing that, that colesla.
You got to ice that, that, that sauce.
They don't give a, they're not giving a shit about icing that colesla.
Don't let these microbial organisms ever think for a second they have a shot at having children.
Is this black people again?
Maybe.
But, but, but, but then to go in a strip club and like it's all dark and there's like a lady
dancing and three feet from her crotch.
There's just crab legs and colesla.
That's weird to me.
And imagine me how, how hardcore do you have to be into her crotch to not grab something
on the way in?
You know, like, like, like I got at McDonald's or something.
Oh yeah.
To be like, well you only have to, you have to, I want to eat and I want to look at naked women.
I'll just eat at the strip club.
Yeah.
I have time for one stop.
Oh, oh, I'll fill up there.
Yeah.
It's not bad.
That's going to be a sad day when you're like, hey, the strip club food is not bad.
But we were there and I didn't know how it worked.
So they were like, my friend was like, all right, every time they do a song, you have
to go and give money.
So their eyes were not smiling.
They did not want to be there, these strippers.
And yeah, it was very sad.
Go figure.
The saddest, the saddest thing is they're on the pole and when the shift changes, the
other woman has to come and like, she has to, she has to sanitize the pole, but they're
still trying to make like a thing of it, like while she's cleaning.
Yeah.
That's the car wash.
She's like sprinting and kind of doing a little thing.
Put your hands together for wipe down.
Here she comes.
Get your dollars ready.
Wipe down's coming out.
If you've not been to Jembo's Clown Room, I recommend that you go.
Everybody, Jembo's?
Jembo's Clown Room is kind of the last stop.
Like Courtney Love used to dance there.
They call it the gateway to rock bottom.
Yeah, exactly.
And it's like, it's, it's, it's druggy in there.
Like it's pretty, like there's a lot of heroin addicts on that stage.
And what are the girls like?
It ranges.
It used to be, they put it, they kind of put a paint job on Jembo's.
It's a little tiny place.
It's very small.
You could buy a drink and tip the stage at the same time.
It's really like it's very little in there.
And don't touch anything at the Jembo's Clown Room.
It's unclean.
And there was a girl that used to dance there, this Latina lady who was a dude.
Yeah, an ex, an ex gentleman.
Okay, okay.
Up there dancing around under, you know, a new, a new identity.
Dancing around under a new identity.
I think that's the name of her autobiography.
She had a bull whip and she'd come out and she would frequently hurt somebody in the crowd.
Like she's like, it's not big enough to swing a bull whip in there.
And she was constantly just like, like maiming somebody in the front row.
And she would do a thing and some frat boys would roll in because they'd read about it
and they'd heard that, you know, Courtney Leb before she started murdering husbands
used to work there and stuff.
Hey, she murdered one husband.
All right, I'm sorry.
I take that back.
Just one.
Just the one.
And she would do this thing.
It was so good.
She was kind of like a rock star.
She would light a cigarette and then, you know, there's a little brass railing about a foot,
you know, like kind of six inches above the, like lining the edge of the stage.
I guess keep her from going headlong into the crowd, you know.
But it's a little brass railing and she would light a cigarette and put it on,
balance it on the rail with the lit end out.
And then do a headstand.
So now picture her on her head with her ass facing the crowd,
like for her facing away, ass facing out.
And then she would do a back bend and pick up the cigarette with her ass cheeks,
then press back up into a headstand and do smoke rings out of her ass.
She would like, she would like.
She would like fart a little bit.
She kind of, I think just the air pressure flexing her, like kind of like flexing her ass cheeks.
I can't even picture it in my head.
She would puff smoke out of her ass and then she would go down to a frat boy in the front row
and put it in a guy's mouth and be like, yeah!
And the greatest thing in the world.
People died every week.
The greatest thing in the world is to be in the bathroom later on.
You go, you know that's a dude, right?
Because that's their deal breaker.
I thought I was, I thought I was, I thought I was Carrie Grant.
I thought, I thought I was ingesting the fecal matter of a female stripper.
No one, they used to be a male.
Who's in pain tonight?
There's a big flock here.
All right.
There's a hand that's shut up.
Ma'am in the glasses.
Are you willing to share your pain?
Are you willing to share it up here?
Okay.
We don't bully people.
You want to come up and come up here?
I don't know why people laugh at that.
I guess sometimes we do.
What's your name?
My name is Miranda Harmon.
Miranda Harmon?
Yeah.
H-A-R-M-O-N.
Are you from the future?
I'm your daughter from the future.
She is exactly how I picture my daughter.
Bad news.
I've come to warn you.
I'm season eight of Commutina.
Don't eat mangoes.
Do you think maybe we're related?
I don't know.
Well, actually no.
My family's last name used to be Hamburger.
Hamburger?
In World War II, we changed it to Harmon.
Oh, like the comedian?
Do you guys know Hamburger?
Hamburger.
Wait, your family's last name was Hamburger?
Yeah, actually my parents are.
Oh, the hamburgers are here.
Are you from Germany?
Yeah.
Did your family live in a hamlet?
It's possible, yeah.
It's funny, my grandparents on my mom's side are German.
Their last name, my mom's maiden name is Riek, R-I-E-C-K.
But it used to be pronounced Reich.
And they made a strategic decision to alter the pronunciation.
That's a very common thing back then.
There's a place in Wisconsin called New Berlin.
It's just a town, a delightful little town.
Great place to go, buy some antiques, some souvenirs.
New Berlin.
Berlin, not Berlin.
No, not New Berlin.
It was New Berlin at one point.
But I grew up and was like, oh, let's go to New Berlin.
Just make that decision at some point.
You have to.
Otherwise, you just start calling it something else.
I like the Reich thing.
That's a solid decision.
You know a legacy is bad when you choose the word riek.
It was riek all along.
His name is Adolf.
So it's Maria, you said?
Miranda.
You nodded and said, Miranda, like I was right.
Close enough.
Not close enough.
Call me on that.
Miranda, what's your pain?
Well, so I don't know what I want to do.
I'm 21 years old and I feel like I went to the wrong school
and I feel like I have no idea where,
and I feel like the only thing I know how to do is make things
and be creative and I feel like that's the only way I know
really how to connect to the world.
And so I'm worried that I'm never going to be happy.
Well, I mean, if you're never happy,
you could actually make money creating things.
Thank you so much for coming, Miranda.
I guess that's probably actually a really harsh thing to say.
We have a word for happy people in the creative sector.
They're called welders,
because they know exactly what to do and when to do it,
and they sleep like babies at night.
Everyone else is just like,
horrible hack.
But you're 21.
By the way, this isn't the first time someone's come up here
with that particular pain.
White people problems.
You don't know what to do.
You're 21.
I could hit you on the head with a bottle
and you could be unconscious for eight years.
You would wake up and you'd still be ahead of schedule.
Maybe that's me being 40.
But it seems like you could waste a lot of time.
You do have time.
Like they say, you know, 40 is the new 30.
21 is the new 11.
Do whatever you want.
If you're here with your parents,
that means you have a support system.
So unlike a lot of people,
your job, if you want to be a creative,
is to kind of fuck around for a while.
Why do you say you went to the wrong school?
Well, I went to a liberal arts college and it's lovely,
but then I decided,
well, okay, so I always knew I wanted to be a cartoonist or an animator.
Yeah.
But in fact, that daffy duck is sitting there.
Keep making us.
And I thought that by going to a liberal arts college,
I would want to be something else.
I would learn how to be like a doctor.
Or a teacher.
Or something different, I guess.
I don't know why.
But then it's my senior year and it turns out
I still really want to do animation,
but there's no animation program at my school.
And so now I'm kind of wondering what...
Oops.
You're just feeling the embarrassment of like...
I don't know what to say.
What sort of animation do you want to do?
What's your dream job?
Like pie in the sky, don't embarrass yourself.
Aim way too big.
Like a storyboard artist on Adventure Time.
Something like that.
Or a graphic novelist or something.
Something where I get to draw.
These things are within reach and they don't pay much more
than what you're doing now.
Yeah.
I mean, where are you from?
I'm from Orlando, Florida.
Are you visiting here?
No, my family and I are kind of taking a trip up the west coast.
Really?
So you live in Orlando?
No, I actually go to school in Baltimore.
Okay, where?
It's called Goucher College.
Goucho?
But at least you get to be in Baltimore, right?
Oh, it's wonderful.
It's a perfect view of Hamster Dam.
No.
I'm really lucky.
I shouldn't say it.
So you're touring up the west coast because you kind of have a feeling,
you're feeling west coasty about your future?
Your college?
Yeah, eventually, yeah.
Or where I live.
And your parents are cool enough that they're just indulging this pilgrimage and kind of...
My parents are wonderful.
I mean...
That's awesome.
What are their names?
What are your parents' names?
Hamburgers, show yourself.
Yeah, they're right there.
Wow, a guy that looks like prime sexy Sean Connery just stood up.
Like perfect...
Zardos.
That's Zardos Connery.
Yeah, like super duper perfect Sean Connery.
Like stood up in a denim shirt and flexed.
I mean, there's other bad news there too.
I'm just being an asshole when I say this, but having cool parents,
another nail in the coffin of creativity.
Oh, yeah, no. Listen, my parents did everything right.
Yeah, that's the problem.
No, no, no.
It's really good though.
But Lena Dunham had good parents, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And she's a great writer.
I'm always jaded and go like, I'm always making that joke.
Like, oh, you have to hate your parents, you have to hate yourself,
you have to be an alcoholic, you have to do other stuff.
I'm just justifying myself.
The hardest thing for me graduating college was up until this point,
there are sections of your life have...
periods of your life have already been sectioned off.
Like you're going to be in this grade, this grade, this grade,
then you're college for four years and after that,
you sort of have to create your own periods.
You know, like you don't want to be the person who's been doing the same thing
for ten years and you're like, shit, I'm still where I was after college.
But, you know, I just sort of do what you want to do
and you don't... I don't think you need to go to school.
You guys can thank me later.
I don't think you need to go to a school.
You could just... there's plenty of really talented people here
and you could go online and figure out how to do it
and just start doing it, you know, and then see how it feels.
Thanks, man.
She just excused herself.
Yeah, no, that's great.
That bodes well for her future.
Thank you, Miranda.
I would say if you want to be a graphic novelist,
change your name to Miranda Hamburger.
I'd buy that.
Yeah, the war is over.
I want to watch a cartoon and I want to see a title card
that says, created by Miranda Hamburger.
And then I want to find out that that was actually her name.
Yeah, I'm getting pretty tired of the word Harmon on stuff.
Me too.
Yeah, garbage.
It's like a low rent apatow.
So, I just... because we did Harmon Quest last night.
That's not going to be the final title of what we did,
this D&D thing where Spencer DMs and we play,
and we're going to animate it.
The working title for Cine Family is Harmon Quest.
And I suddenly realized, Jesus Christ, we can...
You're like Batman.
Yeah, we're going to get my...
I said, I think we can beat that title,
and somebody was like, why?
That's great.
And I was like, no, I think this thing could actually be good.
Yeah.
I don't want somebody that could watch this thing
having to think that they have to drink the Kool-Aid
or some Kevin Smith-y guy.
There's more to it than that.
The thing we did last night is actually,
I think is going to be really, really amazing.
And I would hope that it would please a lot more people
that are capable of liking me.
We should open it up to the...
If you guys think of a good name for our animated campaign
that we're going to do, we're open to suggestions.
Were any of you guys there last night?
It was awesome.
Alright, let's bring out the lovely Erin McGathy.
Hi.
Hello.
I was born...
The new astrological sign is my new sign.
What is it?
Efficius.
Efficius?
That's Pisces.
Am I pronouncing it wrong?
What is it?
Aphiuchus?
I know, right?
Adam Glover to the rescue.
Is it Aphiuchus?
Okay, Aphiuchus, which is November 29th to December 17th,
and I was born on December 5th, so...
So there's 13 signs now?
Yes.
What's the symbol of Aphiuchus?
There isn't one, because...
There isn't a symbol?
No, no.
Because astrology is a made-up game.
The symbol is a strawberry writing a bull.
Isn't there supposed to be an attendant constellation
that's a part of the sky?
Yeah, they don't just make those up out of, you know, thin air.
I mean, they kind of actually do.
They literally look to the sky,
and they're like, that looks like a bull.
Does it look like a bull?
I think that means that myself and other people
born during that time, where it's a wild card thing,
so maybe people born during that time are insecure,
but charming.
Maybe you guys aren't tied to a destiny,
and you can do whatever you want,
because the rest of us are on the tracks
that are dictated by our horoscopes,
but you guys do whatever you want.
I was that terrible guy in high school
that would read zodiac things to people.
I would go, here, what's your sign?
I would read a different one,
and then get them to go like, oh, my God, that's terrible.
I would get all flipped out.
I read a different one, that's not you.
I think you telling them that is the bad part,
because otherwise it would just be for you,
but this is also for them.
No, I'm just saying, I used to be that dick,
and then I had a relationship with a girl
who was so into astrology, it was ridiculous,
and it was such a challenge at first,
because I was like, come on,
but then over time, the way I coped with it,
I would go, oh, well, actually,
she's coping with life a little better than me,
in a lot of ways.
Oh, yeah, it's those matters.
Someone would spill something on her new dress
at a party, and she would go,
well, it's such a Gemini,
and not get upset,
even though she was not the most noble of people.
She sounds dumb.
Yeah, you didn't raise a stink, right?
Because you're not tied to any destiny.
You guys can do whatever you want.
Yeah.
I was a shitty person in high school
who had interpret dreams.
You would just tell people.
Well, I read a dream dictionary,
and then claimed that I was able to interpret dreams
and would stand in a certain doorway,
and people would come and tell me their dreams.
Would you stand in a certain doorway?
Yeah, there's a certain doorway
where the door is never opened,
and I would stand there.
The certain doorway where the door is never opened?
Yes.
What are you saying?
What?
It sounds like darn your shit.
Yeah, at my high school, there was some door.
I don't know if it was a janitor's closet or something,
but no one ever...
That's way less romantic than the way you described it.
What I'm saying is that there's this enclave?
Is that a word?
Enclave.
Enclave is a word.
Where I would stand,
and people would come and tell me their dreams.
How did you get in there if the door didn't open?
Well, it was just like...
It was a...
Like, if there was a wall,
then there was a part that went in,
and there were doors there,
because it was a doorway,
but no one used it,
and I would stand there,
and that's where I would interpret dreams.
Oh, so a little recess in a hallway.
Yeah.
We're asking the wrong question.
She's talking about how she used to read
people's dreams,
but how did you stand there?
We're all architecture architects.
How did you stand there?
Was there a load-bearing pillar there?
I'm just trying to get a visual idea,
because before you told us why you stood,
I pictured Lucy from Peanuts,
as little the doctor is in, little Lucy.
I was picturing a door that never opened or closed.
I thought that was how she described it.
She was in this closet,
but how did you get in there?
It was like an Agatha Christie riddle or something.
There's a puddle of water on the floor
and a dead man in the corner
and a peacock feather in his hands.
There was a place where no one stood,
so I stood there.
Oh, that's very profound.
Did you feel qualified to do this?
Did you feel like you had some sort of an act of it?
Oh, there's some fucking tension happening right now.
No, no, no.
You're either two dream warriors.
Oh, you thought you were qualified.
So who told you you had the right to do this shit?
Were you all born with it or...?
Did you read a book or did you think that you had the stuff?
Yes, I read a book and it wasn't diabolical.
I really thought I knew everything.
Also, I've always been a very sensitive person,
so a lot of it was my own feelings
about the person I was talking to.
You are standing in a doorway right now.
Yeah, maybe you're a little self-important,
and that's really talking about locking up a stairway.
But I had read the Dream Dictionary.
It was an embarrassing thing.
No, no, no.
What's in a Dream Dictionary?
You can look up things like your teeth falling out.
What is that? Money.
Is it really money?
When your teeth are rotting and falling out, that's money.
I've also read it's health, which makes sense too.
I used to have those dreams all the time.
But I think it's so much more personal in that.
I don't doubt that there's...
I think the reason why we think that there's these universal symbols
is kind of Jungian,
oh, a horse means this and teeth falling out means that,
is because things like teeth falling out
probably does mean a lot of very similar things to most people.
But I think the bottom line is you go to bed
and your brain fires off this random thing.
There's these lightning bolts race through your synaptic pathways.
And unlike when your conscious mind is in control,
it's just sort of random.
It's like this Pachinko machine.
So there's things that are on your mind,
and then there's just random chaos.
You have these weird hallucinations that time is passing,
that you have an identity,
that you're encountering other people,
that there are places you're going.
And what's really happening is your brain is just sort of like,
it's sort of like the tide rolling in over a sand castle,
kind of like just, or as I said, lightning,
going through pudding and kind of just going to these different places.
So you wake up and you go like,
why did John Travolta drive that train into a mountain
and then it exploded and that gave me the power
to tell Bruce Willis to go fuck himself?
You can't look at Bruce Willis in a book and go,
Bruce Willis means strength.
But he does.
Bruce Willis means, to me, he does.
Bruce Willis means something to that dreamer.
So Erin, you were standing here in your little recess in the hallway,
and did you have to bark up a crowd?
Was there a sign?
No, they came to me.
Did you have flyers put up?
No, no, no.
Like good little things they could rip off.
They would just say, they're doorway on it.
The place where no one stands.
It started with me just doing a casually and passing edit lunch.
And I also really thought that I was good at it.
I had read that dictionary and then just let it go.
So I really was just pretending to be a therapist, I guess,
in my own mind.
But I wasn't bullshitting.
I thought that I was legit.
But eventually there was such a high demand that I had to find a doorway.
You probably were good at it relative to your other high school classmates
because you're an intuitive person.
Right.
In the same way that I insisted that I become a student peer counselor at my high school,
I was like, if anyone has any problems, no one came to me.
But I was an official peer counselor at my high school,
but no one ever came to me because they were adult counselors.
So you had two jobs.
You were the peer counselor and you also were the dream interpreter?
I guess so.
That's pretty good.
There was a portion where I got really into hypnotizing people.
I fancied myself.
What?
I read a bunch of books about hypnosis.
All hypnotists will tell you that there's no such thing as hypnotic state.
It's just a state of enhanced relaxation and openness to suggestibility and stuff.
And I used to go to parties with Matt Gurley.
And part of being a hypnotizing people is you have someone else go up and go,
is she the guy over there?
The guy with the tall guy over there?
Oh yeah, the liar.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
No, the liar number one.
I'm the big liar.
And then they go, yeah, he's a hypnotist.
He can hypnotize you.
And you find people that are open to that idea.
And I would walk up to people and they would go, oh, hypnotize me.
And I'd go, okay, it's easy to forget things.
So even things that you know.
For instance, I could ask you a question that you know the answer to,
but you might not be able to tell me the answer.
You start waving your hands around a little bit and they start getting ready to be hypnotized.
And you go, like you, what's your name?
Aaron.
See, I'm bad at it now.
I actually got to the point where I could do that and people would go like,
and they would pretend to not know their name.
It was really like, and then I would knock people out and make them think that like all this.
So they've just hypnotized themselves.
Yeah, that's a question that he'd pay like what, $300,000 or something like that.
If anybody could prove to him there was such a thing as a hypnotic state.
You know, I remember going to Pasadena to the Ice House Comedy Club
because my Armenian plumber neighbor had won one of those comedy contests where they paper the house
and they brought him a limo and stuff.
He's like, I got eight tickets to the Pasadena Ice House Comedy Club.
Motherfucker, we got to go.
And I was like, all right, I'll go and we piled into the limo.
We were literally the only eight people in the Pasadena Ice House.
And it wasn't a comedian, it was a hypnotist.
And I had seen these guys like identical acts that came to my high school and stuff.
So I had gleaned this, what was happening.
So I faked being hypnotizable.
You know, they do a thing where they go like, hold your hands above your head
and now you can't put them down. And I purposely didn't put them down
because I knew he needed somebody up there.
I went up there and sat in a chair and did 45 minutes with this guy
where he would go like, you're a Chinese rapper.
And I'd go, cha-cha-cha-ching-cha, cha-cha-cha.
Like, I was just doing bad improv.
Like, what's bad about cha-cha-cha-cha-ching-cha?
Ask Rosie O'Donnell.
Yeah, I mean, it was in that case racist.
And then other shit was like, okay, you're naked now, you're naked.
And I would act like I thought I was naked.
I was up there for full 45.
Doing this guy's act.
He wasn't doing anything, but wearing a gross suit.
And like, suggesting that I...
There was no different from comedy sports except for a lot of key differences.
A lot of the stage hypnotists were literally...
I've had friends that went up there and were the guests I had brought up.
And they'll go like, hey, help me out.
They'll whisper to you like, help me out here.
And they're like, ah, so?
You can sleep.
They just say, don't make me look like a fucking dick up.
I bet that's most of it.
This guy didn't have to say that.
The silence in the room and the empty chairs were speaking that.
How was the limo right back for you?
All my neighbors kept going like, what was happening?
Was it magical?
Did you remember anything?
And I was like, well, I remember...
I kind of split the difference.
Oh, you didn't?
I was sort of like, well, I kind of felt really relaxed.
And I sort of just wanted to do...
I threaded a needle where I didn't lie to anybody,
but did this guy's act and kind of...
It was really sad.
Yeah, the ice houses of darkness.
It's never been darker than when I was rapping in Chinese.
That was insane.
You can't say...
It's a new world.
If the words Ching Chong or anything else came out of my mouth,
fucking teamsy headline.
What do you mean if it came out of your mouth?
You just did that.
I mean, I'm hoping that the absurdity of the context...
How surgical would they have to be to pull that out?
Not very.
There's a solid five seconds.
There were people at the TCA's,
and I said at one point, I said in my babbling,
I said, yeah, because somebody asked me...
Basically, his question was like,
don't you think you could be more successful
if you shut up or something?
It was some kind of Pharisee question.
And I was like...
I was like, I don't know.
I guess I'm doing okay by my own standards,
and I say stuff, and I get to be on honest ground,
and that helps me sleep at night,
and sometimes people can pull stuff out of context,
and that helps them sell the Cardiads,
and that's fine too.
I accept that.
And then there was the live tweeting was like,
Dan Harmon blames the media
for his out-of-context quotations,
and it was like so meta, like,
what are you doing?
What are you doing?
Stop it.
It doesn't matter.
I don't care.
All right, so who's to get Spencer up here?
Let's get him.
Spencer!
Go-pe-du-go-down-down.
Bring your satchel and your flannel jacket.
Bring your beard.
Yeah, I can hold him.
Hello, Spencer.
Sitting down.
What's up?
What happened?
Did you enjoy doing the show yesterday?
It was a culmination of a lot of effort.
Yeah, I was freaking out.
Spencer is now, like, you came to the show one night
one night telling your friends in the car on the way over I feel like I should
play D&D with Dan Harmon. That night I said is there a Dungeon Master here
because I had this thing like let's play D&D in the show flash forward to we
played D&D in this show, now we're doing D&D in this stop animated thing that
we're recording and you come over to my house on Tuesday nights. That's what I
was thinking about. We have a private session. Yeah, it's almost like a bubble.
It's your assistant so he comes over more than just on Tuesday nights.
And sometimes I'm just in your house. But you have three D&D campaigns that are going
out at once. Yeah, I was texting Jeff like that was one of the things I've
really been thinking about is like you get like did you think when you saw me
you know like oh I'm probably gonna be playing three separate games of D&D with
this person in the future. I could do four man. I'm into it. Yeah, yeah.
I'm just you in this show. Do you have other other games that you play
outside of our group of friends? Better not. No. Do you? No. You do. How
prettier are they? No. I tell you guys, would you? Would you? You didn't tell us
when we went into that room full of mirrors in our private session that all
we had to do is smash all the mirrors. Wait, you found a box of rocks in the room
before? Look, hey. Yeah, but there were eight different colors of laser bouncing
around the room. We walk into a room and it's a maze of mirrors and there's a big
ball of light in the middle of this room if you can get to it. It's shooting
different colored lasers that are reflecting all around the thing and
you can if you reflect it back into the thing it comes out different colors
and then we made a big white light that blasted a giant hole and then there was
a look. Here's where we spent fucking three hours in this room. Three hours moving
mirrors. Holding up pieces of paper to the lasers. The reminiscent of the first
dungeon on Plymouth Town. Dan kept sending his little snake, what's his name?
Lassiter? Dennehyde. Dennehyde. Dan is a snake and we kept sending a snake around to
go and recon mission because it was low enough to not get hit by the lasers and
we spent a good most of our lives in that in that fucking room. Finally Rob
Sharp was like, I go into the room where the rocks are and I take a rock and I go
boot-doot-doot-doot-doot-doot and I throw it at the thing and that was it. Now
here's my problem was that Spencer. Here's my problem. I think my theory is
you let us out of that thing because you felt bad for us. Okay. Because there
was a little there was a big mirror and then there was a little side mirror on
the wall that was directly facing the thing and you got all excited when
we started getting lights to bounce back and forth out of that. That seemed like
a thing and then and then all of a sudden we could have just broken it. There
was a way to get out of that one. Okay okay okay. And Jeff has theorized the same thing before like
it's it's a big deal like this isn't. Well he's not entirely wrong I mean. Yeah you
had pity. The whole time all of those mirrors were completely breakable with
the condition that they were enchanted and the shards would float up and slice
at you as you broke them but at the same time that's how you get through but you
know you were doing the red-blue-green lasers and you were trying to get them at
that same mirror that was the solution except you had them so they were
separately hitting and all of you guys were holding up the mirrors but if you
tweaked them so they're touching at the same spot and all the colors combined
into white light that would also open the door. So it was double-sided. We were on
the right kind of path. Yeah and then you abandoned it and I was like oh shit. I
wasn't I wasn't there for that session. How do you weigh in? I'm having a tough
time seeing this room in my head. It was tough seeing it with the mirror with the
map I drew too. It was pretty shit. All right look listen tough guy. This is a
new kind of episode of Harmontown. We're fucking rolling up our sleeves. We're
gonna D&D the fuck out of the shit. Get your shit out. Get your dice. Get your
pencils. I'm not even that drunk yet. Spencer your wish to like play D&D
with Harmon came true in like a monkey's paw kind of way because it's like every
waking moment will be D&D with Dan Harmon. Get out your characters. Spencer do you
ever... Oh can I say oh sorry I was gonna change the topic for a second before we
did D&D but... No go ahead. I was gonna say this real quick I don't think I've
talked about it we were talking about the dream thing when you're sleeping and
weird shit happens like you know it just you're like when you punch your mom.
Guys that was told why are you gonna bring up old shit? Literally like many
years old. Okay I'm gonna know what that means. What? Cumeo punches mom when he was
coming out of anesthesia. I remember. I didn't okay I didn't do it on purpose I
mean I did technically do it on purpose. I moved to the US and I'll say this
real quick about my grandfather and I had like really weird relations like we
didn't get along and then I was in the US and he died and I couldn't go back for
his funeral and I felt like you know we had unresolved issues and I was felt
really bad about it for like a week and then I had a dream and I don't believe
you know. You didn't believe in that Jeff Davis shit. I don't believe like ghost
stuff whatever it's like but he came in my dream and we talked and then I didn't
feel weird after that and my brain some part of my brain realized that that's
what I needed to have happen in a dream. Right. To be able to move past that. Yeah.
So it's not always like random like sometimes it's. No not always random at
all I mean I mean because our unconscious minds are absolutely containment
units and pathways to the things that are truly important so that's why dreams
that's why we remember them at all because they totally resonate like we
wake up and go holy shit. I don't know if other people are different but nine
times out of ten when I wake up I don't I don't remember having dreamed at all and
then other people like every night like Aaron's like I'm dreaming. She's like a
dream junkie. But like I but I think the bottom line is that like if if it if what
happens in your unconscious mind resonates with your conscious mind i.e. if
this weird random kind of like like dragon's lair lightning path kind of
like creates a pattern that that can mean something to your forebrain then
when you wake up you go oh wow that's weird that John Travolta attacked me
with a pencil. What does that mean. It's just insanity at the time that's like
not even anything but I think the stuff that's brewing down there is
definitely absolutely important and I there's there's a scientific and
spiritual explanation for your dad coming to you and your dream or grandpa
coming to your dream and you resolving that I think I think that's a that's a
place where science and religion both totally overlap right. I mean it sounds
like you've come to peace like you came to peace with your relationship with
your grandpa. It seems like you're doing a bit didn't it. She's like there's a
long line there's like 18 people behind you. Will you carry my my books to fifth
period. You're exactly right. Oh you were doing a bit you were doing the dream
interpreter. I used to I used to. She was at the doorway. Can I say really quick how
that ended. How did it end. A friend of mine called Bullshit and came to me with
a fake dream and I. He den-harmoned you. Reading the wrong horoscope. He gave me
this really elaborate dream and I took a long time interpreting it and then at
the end of it was like I just made that up because because this is this is this
is fake. Because this is too much power for one woman to have. Stop standing where
no one stands. Turning this into a Walmart. Yeah. We were like making that my
my emotional experience with interpreting his dream and then finding out that it
wasn't real made me never do it again. Welcome to the huge. No it's fine. It's fine.
He was just lying to you. And then later I would just talk to people about their
feelings. Okay well you can you interpret a dream that I've had a couple
times. Sure gay. This is huge. Oh my god it's like Superman working together. No because
because the obvious answer is gay because I had a dream. I used to have a dream once
in a while that my dick kept coming off. It just went it would just detach. Would it
go off on its own or was it dead. It was like it would turn to you and it would say I wish
I was in a butt. Yeah. Follow me. But stop putting me in vaginas and put me on men's
butt. Yeah. I want to try to do this for real and what situation would it. Well okay here's
the dream and this is embarrassing but I'm gonna tell you I want you to interpret this.
I mean I don't think it requires all that much interpretation. I think it's just vanity
but I was in a dream having a sex dream. I have a lot of sex dreams. I'm kind of James
Bond in my dream. It's fucking and fighting at all times in my dreams. Are you fucking
real women or dream women. Dream women. Are they like oh that one looks like Jennifer
Lawrence or whatever or are you making them up. Sometimes we're actual people sometimes
that's that kind of that morphing thing where you're with somebody and they kind of morph into
someone else and stuff. Okay. But I was going down on a gal administering. You're even you're
so lucky. So your dream sex has like elaborate like foreplay. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Oh fucking
last night I said I was in a great sex dream last night. Some big tattooed rocky but they
just laid me up on a bar and just started sucking my dick right at the bar and everyone
else. Everyone was really bummed out. Everyone was bummed out. They were. Oh no. I like this
bar. So I'm going down in this gal and then as I'm doing it I realize that she has a dick
but it's my dick. So you're sucking your own. I'm sucking my dick on a girl and the whole
time I think she's all into it. She's not going to come. She's like she's loving it.
And the whole time I'm thinking I don't want to come in my own mouth. You're nervous about
your taxes. And you can recognize your own dick. Yeah. What is that about? I see my dick
more than any other dick. Yes. Does it wear a hat? Sometimes it does. It tastes like Branca.
Sometimes it affects a little cape and a smart cane. I had a dream once. It has Calvin peeing
on a vagina on it. Tattooed. When I was like a teenager and I distinctly remember a dream
I had where I was a woman and I was getting it from a guy. I was in my kitchen sink and
I was a woman. I was a teenager. I was 17. In the height of my... And the guy was fucking
you in the sink? Yeah. And I was a woman. And I was enjoying it. I'm frequently a woman.
See I made that up. I wanted to get him to... In my dreams I'm off on a woman in my dreams.
That's the name of this episode by the way. I'm off on a woman in my dreams. I'm frequently
a woman. One dream I was Mary Ann from Gilligan's Island. I was getting fucked by the professor
but the skipper kept coming in and fucking bumming out our action. And the professor
got so mad. Listen to your voicemails. And then another time I was... Who's the daughter
on Good Times? Thelma? Thelma? I was Thelma. The sexy daughter from Good Times remembers
that sitcom and I was getting fucked by JJ. So you were doing Rule 34 stuff in your dreams
before? What's that? Is it Rule 34? Is it? Yeah. That's the internet... If it exists
there is porn of it. Yeah. I was doing my own... That's Rule 34 of the internet. If it exists
there is porn of it. Right. I've never been a woman in my dreams. I feel like lame kind
of. Maybe tonight. I've never been close to a woman in my dreams. I've never even
been anybody else. I'm always me in my dreams. Not even the professor. Harmontown at the
wedding professor garb but I still me. Dan, you're saying you wouldn't recognize your
own dick in a dream? I mean it's just this little guy. I mean what is it? I see it from
the top. It's just like a little pink choo-choo train. I assume it looks the same as Adam
Goldberg's? I don't know. Adam, get up here. Adam, get up here. No, we're kidding. If I
saw it coming at me I wouldn't go, that's my dick. No, but I bet if you saw a dick that
wasn't yours you'd be like, that's not my dick. Well, yeah. If it was gigantic and effective.
If it was half inside a very happy person. I'd be like, that can't be my dick. I would
always recognize mine because I have a horrible zipper scar. Whoa. From circumcision you mean?
No, they didn't circumcise me with a zipper. From his audition for there's something about
Mary. You sliced yourself with a zipper? I've done that, that's the fucking word. I was
like 12 or 13. You scarred yourself? Yeah. Did you get stitches or something? No, I told
nobody. We're very repressed over there. I went to, actually I wasn't wearing, this is
the weird part of the story. I didn't wear underwear for way too long. Like I was maybe
13 when I started wearing underwear. I don't know, I don't want to talk about it. Yes,
you do. Too much to contain. Yeah, there's just a lot to contain. Let's go with that.
I had just discovered masturbation. Well, I was like fucking so into it. I was having
fun. I was pretty fun. And when I was doing it, it became this game, like how quickly
can I do it? So I would try and go for the record. So this was like, I think the fourth
time I was doing it that day. What is the record right now? Where does the record stand?
I don't remember, but I bet it's around like seven or eight. Seconds? No, no, no, how many
times in a day I've masturbated. Oh, I thought you were taking the record of how quickly
you could do it. Oh, yeah, but that was part of it too. Okay. Yeah, if you're going to
do it eight times. Yeah, I'm not here to, you know, measured in blinks. So, uh, yeah,
so I did it. It was like the fourth time and we were going to this theme park in Pakistan
called Fundland. That was the name of it, which seems like a real like, yeah, real first draft
name, you know, fun land. Seems like a trap. Like they're trying to lure Americans in.
Yeah, yeah, like trying to get kids. Yeah, fun land, right? Yeah, like fun. You think
this is how you have fun? Can you just go to some land? So I was like, well, I was like,
I had to get it before and I was going with my cousins. I was like, I could get it before
it's time to go. So I was in there. I was trying to go, go, go. And my mom started yelling
at me, it's time we have to go. The car is leaving. So that makes it harder than to come
because I can hear my mom yelling at me. So I finally like fucking through sheer force
of will, very proud that in these circumstances, I could do it. So I got it done. And I just
zipped through my teeth. And it was jeans and I didn't have underwear and I rode roller
coasters all day. Bleeding. Geez. Yeah. Wow. Camille. Camille's comedy special is available
on. You should make Camille a cake. Zipper, Zipper dick. Can I get a penis that doesn't
have a zipper scar on it? Okay, Camille, I shut my little brother's penis in a gate.
Jeff, what time is it? So many questions. When my little brother was in diapers and I
was a few years older than him, I was a toddler. I wanted to change his diaper to show my parents
that I could change his diaper. And I yanked off his clean diaper and he was running away
from me and we had marble stairs and there was a baby gate at the top of the marble stairs.
That's the name of the story. It's called Babygate. It was a little open and he was
running up to the stairs and I was worried that he was going to fall down the stairs
and at the exact wrong moment, I shut the gate. On his penis? On his penis and he had
to get stitches. It was terrible. And he wiped it from his memory. We're really good friends.
We're good friends and a few years ago, we both camp-counseled at the same camp and at
a campfire, I was like, well, there was not time when I shut your penis in a gate. He's
like, what are you talking about? He had no idea. I assume his penis is fine. I looked
at it completely crooked. Is that why it looks like a corkscrew? Yeah. Why is there a hinge
imprint on it? All penises are in L, right? All right. Well, I'm glad we got to this
place because I think I felt like, as my own words critic, I thought the show started kind
of flat and stale and inhuman. I came up and said I had nothing. We got to penises. Specifically
like their abuse. As you guys are sitting on the real question, real talk, Jeff, Camille,
Dan, Spencer, as you're sitting up here, are you aware of your penis just sitting there?
Like, because it's just there. No. I am now. Only when it wants to play. Yeah. Which can
be random. And when you're like 11, 12 years old, that's the thing that people don't understand
about little boys. It's like, it's just happening. The plumbing is just like, we blame kids
for like, oh, what are you doing? And what are you thinking? And what are you talking
about? I was once in swim class when I was 10. And I was playing like chicken with this
boy and the lifeguard said, hey, you come out. And he came out and he had an erection.
I had never seen an erection before. And he was like, you're bad and made him leave the
pool. Yeah, not a good idea. That is the worst. Probably not that kid's choice. That kid is
a serial killer. I was at my high school, I was watching a lifeguard. He kills lifeguards.
If we're lucky. Don't moderate swimming. There was a guy in our water polo team in
high school and he got out of the pool and like, you know, like the water polo team,
these guys were all like ridiculously good looking. They're like perfect bodies. And
this guy got out in his little speedos and he's like, he's like an Abercrombie and Fitch
model, like looking back on it. And he had a fucking heart on and everybody teased him
like crazy. But like, there were parents there too. You know, there are moms are like, oh
yeah. We're like, like, it was like, like looking back at it now, like like a hot 17
year old guy getting out with a big boner. Like the kids, we thought that was hilarious.
We teased him about it. But you know, there were moms that were like, I mean, as a woman,
I've got to say, I've never seen an erection from far away and I started to be like, yeah,
that'll do me good. That's what mommy needs. That's real rigid.
All right, well,
There are some numbers that the grocery store wouldn't be sexy. Not sexy to see it like
a really attractive guy with an erection in a little bit. So I mean, if I was a mom at
a water polo game, I would have more feelings first like, Oh, that poor kid, like he's he's
experiencing all these things. If if I was on if I was a if I was an elderly woman who
had like a pool boy and he's like, can I can I can they take a dip Miss McGathey and
I swam around and was swimming. What country is this guy from? Please don't interrupt her.
Let this play out. Continue playing all the parts full accents. I think it was Miss McGathey's
turn. Sorry. Continue. He's clean my pool. He's swimming around. Miss McGathey, I just
have to tell you, it's just so embarrassing, but you're so pretty. It's so embarrassing.
And I'm like, oh, come on, Javier, it's fine. Swimming, swimming, swimming. Javier jumps
out of the pool and looks down at his member, which is fully erect shy. He blushes and looks
at Miss McGathey and Miss McGathey says, Javier, it's fine. This is a safe place. No, it's
fine. Are you sure Miss McGathey? I am nervous. I am so embarrassed that I saw you standing
at the pool and you're so smart. I had an erection. I was so emotionally centered. I
was watching on YouTube. I saw your UCB reel. You're in some very funny sketches. I had
your cake. It was delicious. I saw you interacting with people. It looks like you're really
listening. I had this erection. I don't know what to do with that. I don't know how to
make it go away. Javier, come upstairs with me. I'll show you. I'll make your erection
go away. I have a place. Talk to me for five more minutes. Can I talk to you about my dream
wedding? You see it shrink in his drawers. Do you want to have kids? I want to have three
or so. I don't know. Where are you going, Javier? I just want to have sex. No, but I
want to partner for life. Please, please, please don't leave me alone. You're freaking me out,
Miss McGathey. My mom hated me. Please be my mommy. Please. Then Javier is like, all right.
And then he takes me back to school shopping. All right. Who needs D&D? That was fucking.
Hey, Spencer, do you have any penis injuries? Oh, yeah. Tons. Anything weird ever happen
to your penis, Spencer? Yeah, you know. It went places. Have you ever experimented and
stuck your penis in a weird thing? Yeah, like most of them. Most things? Most weird things.
What's the weirdest thing you've experimented with? One of those teenage mutant Ninja Turtle
guys at the meltdown over there. Whoa, whoa. Yeah. What you guys don't know is that when
you guys leave and they lock the door, Spencer hides under that little folding table and
he emerges and he's just fucking everything. Turtle power. Who thinks Donatello did that?
He's a big tripper by the Beatles starts playing and he just runs around. He just hums everything.
Every Alan Moore comic. All right. Well, do you, I mean, we were just trying to loop you
in. Do you want to play some D&D? I mean, I love doing everything. Literally. Yeah.
All right. Well, let's do it. Do you want to tell us a story or just do D&D? What? I
mean, I have stuff to say. I don't know. Say it. I'm not saying I whatever. I used to interpret
dreams of high school also. Yeah. It happened. That's all. Did you have a doorway? Did you
stand in a place where no one stands? Yeah. No, no. I don't know. It was just, it wasn't
anywhere near as formal as yours. But how was your high school experience? Did you enjoy it?
Did you hate it? It was really awkward. Like my older brother was really, I mean, not like
in a bad way, in a great way, but like my older brother was pretty popular. So like a lot of
people that were older knew me and I just, I kind of knew a lot of different people, but
I didn't really hang out with very many people. I hung out with, you know, like my friends
and stuff mostly and we did weird stuff. That's pretty standard. Yeah. Played video games
and Magic the Gathering cards.
Played video games.
Oh. I know. It was from Magic the Gathering.
Interpreting. I used to, sometimes in the high school, I used to like give like orrations
like where you just start talking and my friends. Unsolicited orrations? Yeah. Well, kind of,
you know, just start talking about stuff. Out in the common area? Yeah. Like not like
in plain view. So people would come and watch, but I just, you know, just alone in the bathroom.
Were you ever in a doorway? No. Well, yeah. Like when people come up to you and go like,
hey Spencer, talk about, talk about that late boat. Yeah. Stuff like that. And I just go
off on ramps. That was a good thing with me too. It was like, do that freezer talk. Yeah.
Exactly. Like it was just kind of like, talk smart about that bulletin board. That's what
it was. Just that. I used to dance for money. Wait. All right. Let's play D&D. No, no, no.
When we last met, no. For really? Yeah. Can we see a little dancer? Oh, why? Okay.
No, no. Could you, could you give me a little cigar with your butt? Come on, Spencer. Let's
see it. This is, this is an inside D&D reference. Yeah. Fuck everybody who's expecting you to
dance. What do you mean you would dance for money? Like people, they would go like at
dances? No, I'd write down on paper like, I will dance for money. And then I'd just be
talking with my friends and holding it and someone would be like, you dance for money?
And I'd be like, yeah, sure. And then they'd give me a quarter and I'd just be like, and
then I'd stop. And then sometimes they'd be like, well, that wasn't enough. And you know,
I'd be like, whatever. And then we, did you ever, did you ever suffer any in high school?
Did you, did you feel like you were like a bottom rung or? I mean, I got made fun of
some, but um, for being the guy who danced for money. Yeah. I mean, well, just everyone
has antagonists and not like, I wasn't like a lower, lower, lower beast, I don't think.
I think a lot of people like me. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're pretty self-aware. You were
like a, like a known guy around the school. Yeah. Well, it's like now, you know, everyone's
like, oh, Spencer, that guy, just look at him. No one talks to me or anything, but you
know, they know who I am. All right. That's it. That's the next t-shirt. Are you becoming
a little more extroverted now that you've moved to Hollywood and you're, you know, like,
well, we were just talking after the Harmon quest thing, um, I was, there was that party
and I was going to go and then I was like, uh, no, like we were actually driving there
and we were getting off the free one. I was like, fuck this. And then I just drove home.
Yeah. So no, no. So you don't like big social situations. I mean, party specific parties
are weird because like, unless you have interesting, cool stuff to say all the time, people just
walk away and, um, at a certain part, at a certain part of the night, like people cluster
up in these little groups, like, you know, there's actually like a whole ethnology to
like parties. Like you could study them. They're really interesting from the outside. Um, but
uh, yeah, there's those little clustery groups that happen and I have no fucking idea because
that's when most people are drunk and people are being like intimate and people are like,
oh, I just don't know. Like it's just growing on my hip. Like I just, people are, you know,
talking about their problems and I'm not in one of those clusters. So I just like wander
around and I leave. And then it's like, they're talking about something too serious. Yeah.
And then it's just weird. Yeah. You don't want to walk in. You feel, yeah, you're fucking
it up. You're not a, you're not a big drinker, right? So it's got to be. Yeah. That's the
thing. Most people got to seem like assholes when you walk up to that big group and they're
like, oh, but rice, crispy snuck. Well, I feel like the asshole. No, but yeah, there's
like the mystical. There's a point during the Harmonton tour, like a really sincere moment
between Spencer and I, who I, I, I like you so much. Thanks. Like Spencer, Spencer really
is like legitimately the coolest person ever. He's so fun to talk to and so nice and so.
You haven't cleaned your pool. So handsome and so strong. There's, there's a pointer
that Harmonton tour, like after like a few informal bonding sessions that Spencer and
I had where he asked me legitimately, like, we're, is this friendship just because you
were drunk when we were talking or is it, is it a real friendship? Like, is this just
you being drunk and being nice to me? Well, drunk people talk. Well, that's it. Drunk
people talk. They, you can't stop them. Well, yeah, if we were all sober all the time,
then we'd never talk. No one would just be talking about the ethnology of parties.
Somebody's got to do the heroic move of getting sloppy and like talking about Rice
Krispies in a big glob. The other night when I was drunk told that Nicole Brown that I
would really like to see her in a black rom-com and it would not stop talking about it. I
have to send her an email. I really over and over again. I was like, play. I love black
rom. It's creepy for me. Well, it's good. You know, it's like fire. It can, it has its
uses. It can burn. All right, Spencer, shall we get this underway? Why, why not? Are we
ready? I think everyone's fine. When we last met, our heroes were on the road to
Fornheim, the frozen city, but the road was less of a road and more of a bridge. An ice
bridge to be more specific. To be even more specific, it was an ice bridge guarded by
skeleton warriors wielding icy blades. After a vicious and deadly combat, Quark wrestled
one off the cliff while Sharpie and Mulraine teamed up and destroyed the other two. And
after defeating their foes, a voice called out from within, welcome to Fornheim, the
frozen city. What they found inside was not dwarves like Sharpie had expected, but rather
frost giants, great blue-skinned humanoids living and talking, laughing and working in
their giant city. After chatting with the most kind face of the giants, the gang was
told to follow a group of skeletons directly towards the Jarl, who was the leader of
Fornheim. And so our heroes went after the skeletons and met with the Jarl. The Jarl
was most kind and was willing to help the party, but for a price. All of their fragments
of power. But with so much writing on the line and their fight against Admiral Darkstar,
would they really be willing to pay such a price? In defeat, Admiral Darkstar, in his
black keep, will find out.
Next.
Yeah, we're having a sidebar here, the Jarl can't hear us.
Okay. I mean, the shards of power, it's like the ring of power in the Middle Earth.
Yeah, the wrong hands, that's bad.
It doesn't do anybody any good for anybody to have all of them. Yeah, I'm assuming. This
guy's pretty powerful to begin with.
Maybe I should just talk to him.
Go ahead.
Alright, let me do this, I kind of straighten her hair and I unbutton a button on her tunic.
I don't know what my reaction to that would be. Stop touching my hair.
The Jarl is just looking at you, what is happening?
I mean, we were lovers at a point at a time.
Maybe.
You don't remember?
We fucked under her horse.
Oh yeah, we fucked under your horse, yeah.
That is the last voice that I wanted to say that.
You fucked under her horse.
Were you drawing that?
I have three D&D games going in my life.
Sorry, go ahead.
Well, go talk to the giant.
What's the strategy?
What are you going to say?
Alright, I'll talk to him.
Jarl!
Oh, okay, cool.
Hey.
Jarl, we have the same interest you do, keeping the Earth from the clutches of Admiral Darkstar.
I'm there too.
Are we supposed to do it together?
Alright, I'll jump in too.
However, we can't leave all the shards of power in the hands of...
I'm off to the side doing the Wayne Brady improv game of doing sign language.
These shards of power are...
Things we might actually need to defeat Admiral Darkstar.
Not only that, but you know only that.
I mean, I guess what I'm saying is...
I guess what I'm saying is...
It's this, it's this, it's this, it's this.
If you're a requirement, I walk over to Wayne Brady.
If you're a requirement to help us, is your own self-interest, then it's not called helping.
It's called buying.
We're here rounding up volunteers, people who are willing to sacrifice for the goodness of the Earth.
Not people who are looking to make out, like bandits.
That's Admiral Darkstar. He's the one who wants to take.
We want to give, but not to you.
Good is for sale.
The right thing is for...
I think we should tell him about sale.
Sale.
He finds it really hard to understand what the hell you guys are trying to say.
Zero shards of power. Zero shards of power for giants.
Okay? Here's our offer. Help us or perish.
Oh, no.
No, no.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Disregard that sidebar.
Perish? Are we threatening them?
You don't come in with a cosmetic figure with these guys, you know?
While this was happening, while I was chiming in, I was transcribing everything he was saying.
I write it on my water skin and I offer it up to him.
I do a little wink.
You're waiting for you to do it.
Not by our hands. We know that your might is the most mighty.
We know you could step on us like insects.
Yeah, I was also going to point that out.
But I'm going to tell you something that I heard in the 60s in Brooklyn.
I thought that I could step on people because they were like insects.
And then someone came and stepped on me because they were like giant insects.
And then I realized that I was the insect.
A giant man.
Yeah, that's the situation you find yourself in.
Sure.
And it's the situation you'll find yourself in. Can I finish?
No, but I would just like to interject quickly.
So I guess the answer is no.
I mean, what an amazing thing to be so much bigger than so many other creatures.
Yeah, it gives me a position of power over you guys.
Yeah, and I mean, wow.
You are in this position where you have all this responsibility to be so good to all these other creatures.
And that must be a difficult thing.
And I have to say, I admire you for being so diplomatic.
No, fuck you, motherfucker.
You're bigger than people, big deal.
You know who's bigger than everyone?
Admiral Darkstar.
You know what kind of world we're going to live in if big people decide they can do whatever they want because they're bigger?
A shitty world.
And believe me, there's a lot of bigger people than you out there.
And this tiny little fucker is telling you.
It's time for people to start doing things based on what they want and what's right.
Instead of what's based on their size, I'm a little drunk.
I'm so, I'm so...
And if you start your happy life by stepping on me, I guarantee you it won't be happy for long.
I promise you.
We are here based on what's right.
So fuck you, you giant fuck.
Fuck you.
That's what you get from me.
A plea for help and a dick in your teeth.
A dick in your teeth?
My final offer.
We'll happily walk out of here.
We don't need your help if you're a dick.
He steps on you.
Shit.
I got inspired.
I grab a Sharpie.
Wait, does he really?
He stepped on me.
He's stepping.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I grab Sharpie's face and I pass it on.
You take 22 damage.
22 damage?
Yeah.
Who me two?
No, him.
He got stepped on.
Hey, I thought the speech was great.
I thought he was gonna go for it.
Thank you, thank you.
I grab Sharpie's face and I pass it on.
Are you still alive?
I mean, if I was at full when I came in.
I mean, you took some damage from those skeletons.
Hey guys, Sharpie died.
Is Sharpie, is Sharpie dead?
Sharpie's fucking dead.
I kissed Sharpie's limp face.
He just provoked a giant.
I thought it was a, you know what?
For last court?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What?
I have 35 hit points.
Okay.
No, you're dying.
You're not dead.
Right.
You're dying.
I give him my sack and my quiver.
A giant blue foot come down on your friend and it lifts up
and it's like a crater and he's in it and he's crumpled
and he's dying.
But I still have shit to say.
I jump in the crater and I don't think I have any healing powder.
Why are you jumping in there then?
Because I love him.
I run to Sharpie and I say, alright, here's the deal.
Sorry about the dick in your teeth come and my friend just made.
You don't run to Sharpie, you run to the...
I go to the Jarl and I say, look, we'll give you one shard
and on completion of the mission we'll give you whatever you want.
No, no, no, no, let's not...
Don't give him shit.
He's already almost killed.
You barely breathe.
Listen, that amazing speech he gave, that can't be for nothing.
He can't give the speech and then die and then we do what they want.
Right?
You don't want, sir.
You take...
You listen to me
and you take this dick in your teeth.
Sir, respectfully, sir, fuck you.
I give a broken thumbs up for my crater.
Sidebar, sidebar.
With dick in your teeth, does that mean that someone's smiling
and then someone puts their dick on the teeth?
Like, what is...
He's dying like a bat.
I jump down into the crater and I start a blowing breath into Sharpie
and reciting an old...
What is my class?
Ranger.
Old Ranger poetry.
Yeah, okay, so that kind of works.
You...
He's not bleeding so much anymore.
That's not what?
He's not bleeding.
I mean, like, externally, at least.
Did the y'all have any response to my...
Oh, yeah, no, I mean...
That was also...
Yeah, no.
He's turned, cool.
No, no, no.
What?
He steps on you also.
Let's give him the shards, you guys.
He hates the dick in the teeth thing.
Stop saying that.
You take 16 damage.
God damn it!
Do the thing we did but without the dick in the teeth part.
I say, look, you heard what my friends say.
Please don't step on me.
We'll give you one shard and we'll give you another one
on completion of the thing.
Stop stepping on us.
No.
I yell up, also, the three of us have written a show.
We're going to have to use our understudies
because we're dying.
What does he say to me?
My offer of one shard down payment.
Oh, I thought you guys were arguing about it.
I know, I say this to him.
Yeah, I mean, I want all the shards and he's dying
and he has them so I could probably just take him
off of his dying body.
I take it aside with Christopher and you.
Quark.
A little drunk.
I try to take him off my dying body
and I'm in a fucking punchy giant dick.
No, that's it.
Bro, stay down, Rock.
Chill.
I don't give a shit, bro.
No, no, he doesn't know what he's saying.
He'll murder you to death.
Gentlemen, it sounds like this giant is, pride is his...
You know, all I hear coming into the city is might.
Might this is the home of the mighty.
Must be nice to be so big you can step on a person.
That doesn't seem very mighty to me.
Mighty is getting stepped on, bitch.
Don't, okay.
That takes strength.
I take my beautiful foot and I muffle Sharpie.
Oh, good.
So it's fascism now.
So your giant philosophy is trickled down
to my normal sized friends.
Yeah, I said normal sized.
Gentlemen, I believe that we can defeat this giant
by taking advantage of his ego.
Okay, cool.
How are we going to do it?
He's dying.
He'll be fine.
What if we suggest to the giant that we have written a show
in tribute to him, and during the show...
This is what I have to listen to as I die.
While my friends capitulate.
While she's pitching this, I go to everybody,
and I steal, I take their shards,
and I go up to him and I hand the guy.
Look, here's what you want.
You want the shard so bad?
Give us an army.
Also, before we do that, let's do that and we'll get the army.
Can we also get some medical help?
Can that be part of the deal?
I spit on your medical help.
No, he doesn't know what he's saying.
I see one giant bandaid come near me.
I'm going to piss on it.
We suggest to him that we are presenting a show
that is in his tribute.
Perhaps one of us can come up behind him
and kill him via neck or another place that kills a person.
There's so many giants here.
The one that we're talking to.
No, but they're all going to come and kill us.
It's a city of frost giants.
We're going to have to fight every giant.
We killed them.
Part of our show will have an audience involvement element,
like a comedy sports show,
and it will say everybody circle the hole,
and then...
I give him the shards.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, yeah.
So, as you approach,
he kind of grabs them between his pinky and thumb
and with his index finger, he flicks you,
and he just kind of tumbled backwards.
What?
And, yeah, we'll...
Spencer, how many of these giants are there?
There's just the one in the chamber.
Yeah, but there's so many of them.
There's just the one.
We don't kill the giant.
Hey, Jerry, please just do a show.
With who?
We got two dead people almost.
No, but the three of them.
He'll be fine.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, you're not dying.
You still have HP.
Okay.
Well, I'm still...
I've had a really shitty day.
I don't feel like having a fucking show
for the guy who has killed our friend.
Are you dead?
I'm not dead.
I'm not alive enough to spit a tooth at him.
That's what I do with my round.
I'm gonna die proud, fuckface.
What if we did a show about how...
We're not doing a fucking show!
We're not doing a show!
What if we did a show about...
Sharpie's dying!
Well, what if we did a show about how unnecessary
it was to hurt Sharpie?
Can I go and use my healing power on him?
If you have any, yeah.
Oh, you mean the skill or...
The vial.
Do I have anything?
Yeah, I don't know.
Does it say healing anything?
No, it does say blue poison.
Well, let's try that.
Yeah, why not?
Blue's a color of fixing stuff.
Blue cross, blue shield.
The police are blue.
Blue grass.
Blue grass is a...
Spencer, what is the giant's name?
Um, Limdol.
I step forward.
Limdol!
Call him Jarl.
Jarl.
I think that he is a Jarl.
That's weird.
That would be like calling you a Pakistani.
No.
It's a respecting...
Really?
Yeah, because you call it your majesty, right?
Oh, and I realized it was a title.
Well, yeah, he's a king.
Oh, okay.
By the way, big Pakistani, a title.
You're a king.
I don't know what I'm doing.
What does he do when I give him the shards?
He took them, yeah.
He just has them now.
So I say, can we get our army now?
Are we good?
Well, I was just waiting for you guys to finish.
Jarl, I would like to present to you a show.
There's no...
I have a great show for you.
You have that previously, that we do not respect your kind or your race, but...
I never...
I didn't think that.
Ha-ha-ha!
Well, you can think it now, you big fuck.
Well, then this is a show to demonstrate how weak we are.
First...
He's gonna let us do it.
You don't have to do it.
Yeah, there's no reason for the show.
Nobody wants to be in the show.
Sharpie's got to be in a foot-sized crater right now.
Yeah.
It's a city boy.
Jesus Christ.
Can I...
Can I cast Armored of Winter at her?
Yeah.
I shoot my Armored of Winter at her and she'll shoot a frost rate to stop the show.
It's really cold.
Also slippery on the floor.
Okay.
And I'm cold.
But here you are.
No one appreciates you,
but we are here to see where you will go.
Where you will go far.
My friends here.
I walk up and slither through.
They're lovers.
I'm right behind you.
Are you leaving?
Is that what you said?
No, he slits her throat.
Oh, God.
Roll it, Spencer.
Roll it is...
No, no.
When you were doing your show, I rolled...
Yeah, you fell on your face.
Because you put ice on the floor and made it slippery and then you're doing your routine and you fall.
After the fall, can I make a noise like...
Da-da!
Yeah.
Do more of the show.
It sounds like you don't like somebody's show.
No, I love it.
I'm laughing so hard.
He just said he wanted to slit your throat.
That was part of the show!
What is it like being bigger than me?
A book to you is a mesh book to me.
Oh, God.
Jesus.
It's the other way around.
A book to you is like a match book to him.
That's... yeah.
We're still working on it.
This is like a dress rehearsal.
You are so great.
Please let us go.
Please let us leave from the place of...
She doesn't care, Camille.
She doesn't care.
She's not paying attention to what's happening.
She's doing a fucking show.
Please give me more supply so I can make more progress.
I'm going to attack you if you don't stop doing this.
I'm going to take my sword out and kill you.
I take my sword out and I hold it up over.
I'm going to kill you if you don't stop doing this.
Jarl, can we get the fucking army?
And that's the show!
Yeah, he doesn't applaud.
You don't say.
Yeah, no.
He politely waits for the salt to end.
And over.
I'm going to fucking kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
He kind of holds up a finger.
And a cloud kind of floats in the room.
And he reaches into the cloud and pulls out a handful of Onyx gems.
And he crushes them in his palm.
And you see kind of like magical mist float up.
And then he drops it on the floor and it falls on the floor.
And it kind of forms into the shape of these skeleton things.
And the room has like 40 skeletons in it.
And he's like, yeah, here's your army.
40 skeletons!
What are your names?
All we get is 40 skeletons.
Shut up!
Talking to the Jarl.
I'm going to fucking kill you.
Fucking had enough.
Yeah.
All we get is 40 skeletons.
And your lives.
You're a dick.
Dude, don't.
I'm in a bad mood right now.
I know.
You know who else is in a bad mood?
You're right there.
Let's do an ice-breaking game.
We should have negotiated for how many skeletons we would get.
Seriously, it's all we get is 40 skeletons?
What is the expression on their faces?
Are they nice?
It's like a skull.
Can we have?
No, but they still have expressions on their faces.
Tissue and muscle makes an expression.
You have to have eyebrows and lips and shit.
No, that's all tissues.
Why are we talking about the expressions on their faces?
Why did she do a show? It's fucking stupid.
Okay, let's regroup.
Sharpie, how are you doing? You all right over there?
I'm all right.
I can't believe that if I'm going to die,
the last thing I see is that fucking show.
And my friends selling all our shards for 40...
40 shitty skeletons.
Yes, it is delicious irony.
And he just puts his thumb on you.
What? Is he hurting him?
He's all alone.
You're dead.
I command the skeletons to attack the Jarl.
No, no, no.
Let's fucking talk for a second.
They killed our friends.
No, dude, they killed our friends.
Spencer, what do you mean?
What do you mean?
Turn the attack.
There's a lot of emotions happening right now.
We need to chill out.
I'm going to kill something.
Well, can we figure out if he acts like that?
Are you really dead? What do you mean?
I mean, currently.
He looks so dead.
He's dead. Do a show.
Sing him a song.
Kill this motherfucker.
I give him my life tube.
Oh, what?
Okay, that's a waste.
Do you see how his head is separated from the rest of his body?
No, not that bad.
Spencer, do you really mean that he's dead?
Yes, currently.
Kill me off.
No, no, no.
Who has healing power?
One of the three guys has healing power.
No, he's dead.
Listen, you guys, this is what we're going to do.
He's dead.
We have to move on.
No!
Shit happens.
Listen, he's dead.
He's fucking dead.
This is what we're going to do.
We're going to talk to the y'all.
We're going to say, hey, our friend is dead.
Can we bury him?
And we'll plan a funeral.
And then during the funeral, when everyone's there at the funeral,
we'll kill everybody.
I won't leave him behind.
I use my rope.
I take apart like a small...
Here we go. It's a rope.
I pull out a small thread of the rope,
and I weave it into...
I have taken off the tip of one of my arrows.
Jesus Christ.
You're making a scorpion weapon.
And I puncture a hole in the top of the arrow,
and I weave in my...
Because his head's off, right?
No, his head is not off.
Someone said that.
No, I said that.
You can pay attention.
He's got smushed by a thumb.
Yeah.
Okay, your grief is...
I use that, and I...
I'm going to kill you.
I want to kill you.
I sew together.
There you are.
She said that she wants to put her dick in your teeth.
I heard her.
I heard her say it.
She said it.
I heard her.
She's been saying it the whole time.
She's been saying it the whole time she's been muttering this.
In fact, it wasn't...
She's a ventriloquist.
She was making the dead guy.
Spencer, will you describe Sharpie's injuries?
It looks like a guy that just, you know, like a truck dropped on him.
Okay, I run down.
I find a place where he was injured, and I start blowing air.
Magical health air into the hole.
I'm going to kill you.
Is she sucking his wounds right now?
She wanted to put a flesh tube in somebody.
I don't know what the fuck that is.
I think it was a life tube.
Life tube.
That's a dick, right?
It's a dick.
Life tube is one of those fuckable vaginas, right?
That's a flesh light.
That's a flesh light?
Yeah.
Okay.
I command the skeletons to attack, to join in the attack and kill the arrow.
No, man.
I go into a barbarian rage, and I jump up on a pedestal, and I point down at him with
my sword, and I go, he's one of us.
You're now part of our campaign.
Attack!
The skeletons are under his control, and they don't do anything.
This is what I was saying!
This is what I was fucking saying!
As you jump up with your sword, he kind of just grabs you by the nape of your neck,
and he's like, now listen, man.
We made a deal.
I told you I would let you leave with the skeletons and your lives.
And I'm a necromancer.
This is bad.
And I have power over life and death.
Okay.
Here's the deal.
Shut up.
All right.
We're talking to the Yaw right now.
The adults are having a conversation.
Yeah.
Oh.
Fucking.
My friend is dead.
You fuckers.
Yeah.
Why don't you rape a helpless animal?
Do a show.
I go down, and I start fucking.
I fuck the corpse of Sharpie just to fuck with her.
Then I get back up.
It makes no difference in my previous campaign of your personality.
Shut the fuck up.
I go into the Yaw.
Okay.
We'll take your fucking skeletons.
I'm gonna heal him right now, or I'm gonna fucking lose my shit.
Yeah.
No, that's what I was saying before you so rudely interrupted me.
I just kind of, you know, I enjoyed this sort of thing.
Heal my friend.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna.
Stop being an ass.
Hey, hey, hey.
He's gonna do it.
We're all good.
We're all on the same page.
Okay.
Do it.
He drops you to the floor.
This has been a real roller coaster.
I know.
I'm gonna fucking.
At the end of the day, our friend's gonna be back.
We're gonna have our 40 skeletons, and we're gonna walk out.
And we'll remember this day forever.
Just do it.
Heal my friend now.
He looks to the ground at the crumpled body of Sharpie, and he points a finger at him,
and he kind of, he grinds some more of these Onyx gems between his finger, and he's like,
Acromantica Deus Ex Machinima.
And you just, you spring up fresh as a daisy.
Can I also make a suggestion?
Sure.
So you can heal anything?
I mean, no.
Okay.
What about like a zipper scar?
I mean.
Down, down there.
Sharpie, I go to Sharpie, and I say Sharpie, you were dead.
We brought you back to life.
All we got is these 40 skeletons.
Don't, no.
We gotta spend it positive.
He's gonna go off again.
Let me try.
We got 40 skeletons.
So fun.
You were dead, and now you're alive.
Sharpie, I was so worried you were.
She's so worried she did a show while you were fucking dying.
You remember it.
And then she tied a thing to her rope.
It was fucking stunning.
We are forgetting the power of theater.
Can we leave?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
We're getting the fuck out of here.
Okay.
I go outside and have a fucking, the most important cigarette of my life.
I linger behind.
Don't do it.
I want to be the last to leave the room.
Okay.
And I dust off my clothes.
He's like, hey man, that was pretty cool.
Yeah?
Yeah, I'm just the Jarl.
I gotta, you know, it's important to be the big man.
It's important to be a man?
A big man in a city of big men.
Well, you should try getting stepped on by a fuck face sometime.
Okay.
And I come, and I grab by the eye.
If manhood is your goal, if manhood is your goal, you should try getting stepped on sometime.
Because that's the test.
Well, if you ever...
You fuck!
I drag Storm out.
I drag him out.
Yeah, we drag him out.
If you ever see any double giants, let me know.
If I, I'm sorry, what, what, get off me, get off me.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, he's talking to me.
What, what?
I present a show poster with his clothes.
If you ever find any double giants, send him in.
Remember finding any double giants?
Yeah.
What the dumb, you speak gibberish.
You already have a dick in your teeth.
What's a double giant?
It's a giant to giants.
It's like a giant to giants.
You know what?
Dumb.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
We leave, we leave.
We leave.
If we see one, you're gonna come help us or what?
No, he was doing the best.
He's improvising.
He's a fucking giant.
He's got a brain the size of a fucking canape.
Sharpie.
Sharpie, cool it.
That's just not anatomically correct.
Okay.
All right.
Listen, you're great, Jarl.
Thank you so much.
We're gonna go.
Pleasure to meet you.
We're out.
We should get brunch sometime.
Let's go.
Enjoy your frozen city.
No, no, no.
With its sharpie front gates.
Sharpie, sharpie.
And its shitty skeletons.
Get in the car.
One of these days, you're gonna wake up and the earth's still gonna be here.
On that day, remember this, you're welcome.
Sharpie out.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
We love you very much.
One more time.
Erin McGathy.
Tameo Luntiani.
Spencer Crittenden.
Miranda and the hamburgers.
That was an adventure.
Holy shit.
See you next week.
We love you all dearly.
Thank you, guys.
Oh, on Saturday, come to Google the thing.
It's in a family.
Come see the taping of this thing.
It's really great.
You won't believe it.
Oh, on Saturday, come to Google the thing.
It's in a family.
Come see the taping of this thing.
It's really great.
You won't believe it.
It's in a family.